The next section you're going to be building is going to be all here our team section.
And as you can see we're here we're not going to be using any kind of plug ins.
Right.
This is just going to be a H.T. amount and C section pretty much.
So what are going to do well here.
Where is this going to go back to next.
You know we're here going to go to the numbers here.
And then we're going to say this is going to be a moment Dean select the line.
Copy and paste the line and are going to say and of the end of the.
And we're going to have a section again ID the press table here and then we knew the title.
So now let's scroll up again.
Find where our closest title.
It's going to be over here.
And together with a comment.
So we see where the actual title was ending.
Copy this and we're going to go back over here.
Where's the section.
So we're going to copy and paste this and this is going to be current project.
Now here we're going to change the icon.
So this is going to be users users over here.
Next one is not going to be current project or going to say this is going to be me it's going to say
we're here to meet our team when we're like this.
And then after that we would need to start building our team section.
So what we're going to say or here is Dave we're going to give you an idea of team let's say center
center or here then we're going to have a article to go on.
This is going to be a team member team member here.
And once we have a team member article now basically we need to create that card right.
And for the card will can actually start very basic We're going to here image here and we're going to
say that image.
And once we press the tab now we want a images and let's say we're here let's go to a team Team One.
Right.
Because I have team one on here and on here we're going to say the image right now in order for us to
have a easier work.
Let's actually save this right away.
Let's go to our main assess and just style that image.
So it's not as annoying.
All right so what I'm going to say here is that we're still going to start a team section and so this
is going to be hashtags.
Here are some more hashtags over here and then we right away going to style the image.
And so I'm going to say a team and I'm going to say Remember no real image like this.
All right so now I'm selecting the image in order here with is hundred pixels and when I say hundred
pixels I mean hundred pixels.
Then this is going to be a border radio is 50 percent more here and more here.
Let's have a margin top negative 35.
What what I'm going to do is I'm going to do that for now margin top and will do a negative 35.
However let's just comment this up for now.
All right.
We don't need it right now.
I want to show you actually at the end what happened.
Right.
So once we have this let's say it and let's go back to the next issue.
All right.
Otherwise it's going to look like like a lot of mess if we're having a very huge image and then we're
placing some kind of text.
It's not going to make much sense.
So there's going to be heading to and we're going to say John.
And here and here we actually need to go outside.
Now we have had to have Jondo then we have a five here and I'm going to say developer and press time
now we have had it fire and we're going to have a horizontal line here and then we're going to have
a paragraph of let's say 20 words right press tab here press double here.
So this is going to be our paragraph and then we'll get our footer.
So still with an article we're going to say we're here and this is going to be Dave on here.
Class and over here we're going to say member I don't know if we're really in this and we're going to
have links with a font or so my guns so link or here and then I'm going to say we're here I F A and
F on the way here like this.
I pressed tab.
Now this is going to be a dummy link.
And how are you going to say Facebook and you know what.
Let's do it like this let's just copy the line copy three times here and knowledge change Facebook then
Instagram Instagram or here then the next one is going to be Twitter and then on here we're going to
have a Google Plus Google Plus and that is it for the age e-mail because the only thing we need to do
is with the middle wrap this article we're going to copy this guy over here already.
And we need to copy this three times one two three and he'll just change a member.
And so this is team number two team number three team number number four here.
All right so now we have four of them will say this and we're going to go back to Menzi assess.
And again we're going now we're going to start actually starting the actual section once we make the
comment for our team.
First things first we're going to have is a team and then we're going to say that this is going to have
padding 40 pixels and zero so top bottom 40 and sides.
And know your background we're going to have a hash tag B 5 C and or here and then we have to be seven
or like this.
And I can see what happens over here with this title.
All right.
So we actually need to work with this title.
So we're all going to say hash tag team and we're going to say title and we're going to say sub adding
sub adding or here like this.
And with the subheading what we would want is a different color.
So a hash tag 0 0 an A and then is going to be seven one more here.
So this is going to be the blue one and the same thing we need to actually have for the border because
we would want a world here right.
So we're going to say oh here Dean.
And we're going to take title and title text on this.
And this is going to be border laughed and this is going to be three pixels solid.
And let's get the color over here so we can just copy and paste this and or here are going to do it.
So now we have a border and I would start working with a team member.
So I'm going to say team member on this.
So what do we want first.
I want a text align center likeness than we would want a border and for the more of what we would want
we would want one pixel solid or here we're going to say to E to A to a hill.
And so this is going to be our border.
Then after that would want a border radius border radius and that's going to be 20 pixels or you know
like this then we're going to have a background hash tag EF 5 EF 3 and 5 know this EF 3 or 5.
Then after that we would want a transition.
This is going to be back around here.
Two seconds is here like this.
And then we'll have a margin margin maybe 70 pixels 0 or here and that's only top bottom that's what
we care about the actual margin.
And then after that you want to do is actually work with a team member.
Right.
So we're going to say here is that we would want a team member how we're member to say however and once
we're hovering what should happen right.
So the same background hashtags 0 0 no.
A This is going to be seven easy one or this.
All right so basically let's see what happens.
Right.
So as I'm hovering can all these things are going to be changing right.
The background here is going to be changing then out of there once we have the hover let's do the image
which we already did right here.
Now we're here.
Let's actually go back and now we can uncommon this.
So here I can just uncommon this.
Now I can see that my image is more here like.
That's exactly how I want them right.
So I close this one over here.
And then the next one is going to be Team center.
So this is going to be the parent for all of them.
So I'm going to say team Santerre on here and then we're going to say Max with one here this is going
to be 90 90 view with us here and then we're going to have a margin zero right.
So now we're replacing it again in the middle and padding 40 pixels and zero more here like this.
Now once we have this it's actually styled the team member adding two and having five in all.
All right.
So I'm going to say we're here team member and over here we're going to start with heading to and on
here we're going to see a text transform and that's going to be capitalized.
Then after that we're going to have a team member heading five so I'm going to say team member I know
this is going to be hitting five and we're heading fibered would want is margin 10 pixels and zero.
Right here's a bottom again and teks transform uppercase so text transform uppercase really does.
And then we have a team member horizontal line so team member is on the line or here that's going to
be with 70 percent are you doing this again and we're going to have a margin zero.
All right.
So again we're setting with we're here for this horizontal line but then we're actually placing it in
the middle where the margin is zero and then we have a border and the border is going to be actually
one pixels solid and that's going to be hashed f f c 9 1 4 or 0 like this.
And that's going to be the more.
And then one we would want to do is actually work with a footer or you know what let's do it paragraph
first so we're going to second team member paragraph and we're here to say a line.
Right.
It's going to be too soon here and we're going to have a margin of 10 pixels like this.
All right.
So you can see or hear margin is all around then after that we have a team member for so team member
and we're going to say for no reason and have a padding of 20 pixels.
Right.
So you can see for the whole what are we adding padding and or let's say zero.
All right so top bottom then we'll have a background background over here and that's going to be a hash
tag to e to an 8 to 8 2.
So black color or here then we have one here you can see what happens right.
So we have a radius for the actual team member.
Right but over here these edges are square.
So what we're going to say here is border bottom left so left radius and the right radius.
And we're going to set it equal to 20 pixels.
Right so basically we just need to make sure that they match.
Right so this one left.
This one is right on this.
So we saved and now everything matches.
Then after that we would want a display Flexo rere.
Why.
Because we want the icons to be lined up so we can say flex and then we're going to have a justified
content space around this.
Right.
And now we get our space around.
And now we need to actually start some more guns here.
So we're going to say is team member or former for f a.
And now what we would want to so font size 30 pixels.
Then you are going to have a color.
So it's going to be hash tag FFC and 9 1 4 0 here.
And again this is going to be transition.
Transition is going to be color.
And two seconds is right.
So what we want to do this transition is as we're hovering.
The color is going to change.
But again it's not going to happen instantly it's going to happen over time.
So here we can just copy and paste this here.
Copy paste this.
And we're going to say Hulver.
All right so now we have a team member footer going on here.
We're going to say however hover over here.
Now once we're hovering what would be the color.
And here we need to write.
And we're going to have hash tag 0 0 a 7.
One more here.
Right so we save this over here you can see what happens right as I'm hovering over.
All right the image is actually changing.
And now what we have left to do is again have a responsive layout.
So we're going to do is we're just going to say that again this is going to be starting with the flex.
So medium and here we're going to see a screen and we're going to see and we're all going to say men
with with or here are going to be 576 megapixels and we're here and we're going to have is Team center.
So Team center here and we're going to start with this play flex here and then we have just if I can't
space between flex wrap sort of just I can't it's space space between here flex rap rap so flex rap
and we're going to set it equal to rap and then we actually have a team member so we're going to say
team member an order here we're going to have a flex 00 and this is going to be caulk.
All right so we're going to use a quick function 50 percent minus 1.
Right.
So it's going to be the percent minus the gap that we have.
So here this is the down final product.
We go to recording and if we are fresh over here all right and if we go down this is going to be our
numbers this is going to be our team right now.
Right.
So we feel fresh you can see that something didn't work out right.
And I need to actually go and fix it.
Where's the problem.
Right.
So here this was men with them this is going to be Team center.
And we're hearing this is going to be team member.
So let's go back over here and you can see that I'm missing parentheses.
So this one over here and this should be fine.
And now we have two of them 50 percent of what we would want to do is actually for a bigger screen.
We're going to have a 25 percent.
So again we're going to do it the same way nine and to can get this guy over here.
Then team member let's do 25 more here we'll save this and you can see or hear that I have one more
Princie.
All right so say this.
And now this should be for sure enough.
Now we have four of them here now.
Over here.
We're going to do is we're going to have a grid.
So we're here for the grid.
We're going to have a forward slash a star.
So we're going to be coming out another forward slash.
Really going to write a media screen.
And again we're going to have a.
And I know we're going to have men with.
And this is going to be 576 pixels.
Then over here we're going to have a curly braces.
So here we're going to say and this is going to be team center here and we're going to have a display
grid.
And this is going to be grid template columns or here.
This is going to be one fraction one for action here and grid column gap because we want some gap in
between.
So we're going to say grid one and we're going to say gap and the gap is going to be 15 pixels or higher
like this.
Right now what do we want to do.
We just want to copy and paste this.
So I'm going to copy and paste this.
I want to set it to equal to nine ninety two.
So you are going to say 9 9 2 and over here get rid of grade.
All right.
And here this is going to be get rid of gap.
Repeat for repeat here four and we're going to say one fraction one fraction or we save this one on
here and this should also work.
So we're going to go back on the air and fresh.
I can see that our team is working.
And once we over here shrink the screen right you can still see that we have our members on here and
the next section then we need to build is actually going to be on here these progress bars.